Add a note on units (#2391)
tskit-dev/msprime: docs/ancestry.md

higher than the rate from 0 to 10, we can see that all the recombinations
have fallen in the high recombination region.

:::{note}
The units of recombination and other rates in msprime are

> **per unit sequence length, per unit time**. If you have
> specified a {ref}`demographic model<sec_demography>` for a species
> and are measuring sequence lengths in base pairs, then the units
> for recombination rate will be per base pair, per generation.
> It is also possible  to specify time in "coalescent units" and to
> model recombination breakpoints as occurring on the
> {ref}`continuous unit interval<sec_ancestry_discrete_genome>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**per unit sequence length, per unit time**. If you have set
effective population sizes in units of individuals and 
aremeasuring sequence lengths in base pairs, then the units
for recombination rate will be per base pair, per generation.
Other choices are possible (e.g., time in "coalescent units" and
recombination breakpoints on a
{ref}`continuous unit interval<sec_ancestry_discrete_genome>`.)
```
